Welcome back.
Let's see how we can solve this issue now.
I'm gonna do a naive approach to this but there are many ways of doing it using closures.
So let me show you my way.
If I wanted this to only be called once.
Well ideally I have a variable in here called called and maybe it's a counter of how many times the
function has been called in here.
I want to keep track of this called.
I want to use closures and keep track of it but I don't want people outside of this world touching it.
So I'm going to return a function so I have an enclosing function that's surrounded by another function.
And in here I can reference called and I know that I'll have access to it even though the outside world
won't have access to it.
As soon as the initialize gets popped up the stack so I'm going to just simply say if called is greater
than 0 Well in that case just return and do nothing.
Otherwise I'm going to well set the view.
And then finally we also want to increment called to say that hey we've updated called this function
has been called.
All right.
Let's see if that works if in here I do.
Const start once and I do initialize.
Now I can run start once once and we'll see what happens.
All right.
View has been set.
We see the mountain.
That's good.
But if I run star once again
look at that view has already been set.
So now it doesn't matter how many times I call it.
It's not going to work.
Now you might be asking yourself well Andre that new programmer can still call initialize but I'm going
to leave that for you to figure out how to do.
In that case we can perhaps use encapsulation and only return the star once after we've initialized
something.
But I'll leave that to you if you've gotten this good job.
I think you're starting to get closures.
Let's do one more exercise.